what a disappointment	0
Very prompt service.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Works great.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Price is good too.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
Low Quality.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very Displeased.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Does not fit.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Portable and it works.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Horrible phone.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Disappointed!.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
The battery works great!	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Looks great and is strong."	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
The delivery was on time.	1
Very easy to use.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
You won't regret it!	1
I love this phone!.	1
A Disappointment.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Works as described.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Defective crap.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
great...no problems at all!.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
very good product, well made.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Works great!.	1
REALLY UGLY.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
No real improvement.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
Great case and price!	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
Its a total package.	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Great product for the price!.	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Great Product.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
Worst ever.	0
I am very happy	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
That company is a joke.	0
It does everything the description said it would.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
Better than expected.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
THey are so cool!	1
Easy to use.	1
Better Than New.	1
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
Piece of trash.	0
A pretty good product.	1
This is a great phone!.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
