The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
We are sending it back.	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Great price also!	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
fast service.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
I would recommend this.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Great sound and service.	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Worth every penny.	1
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
poor quality and service.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
Works great.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
THAT one didn't work either.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
It's a great item.	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
Love this headset!	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Reversible plug works great.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Very good phone.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Comfort for our whole family.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Great phone!.	1
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Great Phone.	1
Don't buy it.	0
Excellent Phone.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Sending it back.	0
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Good price.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
Has been working great.	1
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
I want my money back.	0
I love this device.	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
good item, low price.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
VERY comfortable.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Very disappointing.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Excellent sound quality.	1
Was not happy.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Worst customer service.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Good audio quality.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
awesome device.	1
Waste of money.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
Love This Phone.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Soyo technology sucks.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Magical Help.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
It worked very well.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Great product and price.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
