So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
Very good quality though	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Works great!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
worthless product.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Nice headset priced right.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It has all the features I want	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
This case seems well made.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I love this thing!	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Great choice!	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Love this product.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
This is a great little item.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
This phone works great.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
The phone loads super!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
Worked great!.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
Will order from them again!	1
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Absolutely great.	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
Bad Quality.	0
Gets the job done.	1
Great audio!.	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Very good stuff for the price.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
What a waste.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
very disappointed.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
What a waste of time!	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
And I just love the colors!	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Great charger.	1
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
Great Value.	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
doesn't last long.	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Don't buy this product.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Incredible!.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Great phone!.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
Not impressed.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Bad Choice.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
